so now that's how it might sound in a
traditional context now just like we did
with the Rumba where you took all the
parts and you play them by yourself
now once you show us how you would take
this 6/8 rhythm and take those parts and
put it on the drum set so let me count
you in let's do one at a time why don't
you start with the bell and then we'll
we'll bring you in one at a time
okay so nice and slow we say don't don't
don't
another time now the kid I know that you
have other 6/8 parts that you play I
know that you have something that comes
from the aqua tradition which is another
folkloric style of playing from Cuba and
why don't we play a traditional arakawa
with Giovanni and then we'll come back
and you can show us how you apply that
put those together on the drum set okay
okay
now why don't you show us how you adapt
that playing all by yourself okay so I'm
going to count it in again start with
the bell and then one at a time here we
go one two three four
great and I also think what's really
nice about that is people can see that
once again we're back to Chloe so has
the organizing principle around which
everything has to fit so I was that was
great let's let's go from here from the
folkloric music the next thing that we
want to talk about is the dance zone
then song is a very distinctive style of
music from Cuba that day from the end of
the nineteenth century and it was it is
important because that's where the team
ballets came from that in valley was
invented to play down soon and was the
first time that people who play stick
like we were talking before folkloric
music rumba yeah cascara takes here so
this is was the first time the first
time that the person that was playing
stick was playing the head right team
ballets so the team ballads were
invented to play down song and so the
drumset the tamales came before before
God before the drumset so there was
first in Bali and then the drone said
now I'm why don't you show us how you
would play a dance song on the drum set
let's put was put the cloud
so everybody can really see how it fits
so I'll count in real slow and the down
stone will do 2 3 ok 1 2 Mike I think
that another important thing that we
should say we should mention is that
speaking about that song is that later
on down song became a dance on cha which
the pioneer of that movement was the
great Cuban bass player Israel Lopez
catch ow
and from there that dancin job became it
catch a cha who said reading that
everybody knows all over the world so
now we are going to play with the bang a
beautiful tool from South America
colorful senile mother so we're going to
start playing this Tunis a dance song
and then later on we're going to take a
sixer